chore: documentation domains & dependencies (#245)
mercator-ocean/copernicus-marine-toolbox: doc/installation.rst

.. note::

    The image of the toolbox should already have the ``netcdf4`` library installed.

Domains required by the Copernicus Marine toolbox
********************************************************

> To be able to debug, we provide the domains that the toolbox uses when running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use the Copernicus Marine services, you need to be able to access those domains: 
```
